# Take Flight
## Late night packing
After absolutely bombing a test at 10pm on the 18th, I grabbed the remnants of my locker from the school and headed home. Seeing as how we were leeving for the flight at 5am the next day, and I hadnt finished packing, I decided to stay up the whole night and sleep on the plane. I stayed up for hours double checking that I had everything packed and almost fell asleep a few times. But I got everything packed and was ready to go.

## Drive To The Airport
My mom drove us to the airport, but we took the electric car and almost used up all of her battery before she had to drive to work. Hopefully that worked out well.

## Sketchy Socks
The airport wasn't too crowded at 6am so we got through TSA pretty quickly. But they did make me roll down my socks because the metal detector got set off by my pants zippers which were rolled up in my socks in an affront to the gods of fashion.

## "Breakfast" at the airport
We looked for a place to eat breakfast once we got through the TSA. What we found was a bar/convinence store that had some simple soups. It wasnt the best, but I really wanted soup.

## Quick Flight To Vancouver, and A Meal in The Loby
We flew to Vancouver to make our connection with a 4 hour layover before our flight to Tokyo. The airport was so cool, they had a giant aquarium, and the architecture was quite impressive. My dad's new credit card got us a free pass to an airport lounge in Vancouver, although apparently they are dropping that program in the new year. This was my first time in an airport lounge. I felt rich, it was so fancy. They had surprisingly good food for free! They even had wine, although I didn't try it. We filled up on free food, but our flight was delayed an extra two hours so we got seconds.

## Flight To Tokyo
It was a long international flight so I downloaded some games on the super fast Vancouver airport wifi right before the flight. I spent most of the time playing games and watching downloaded movies on my phone. I did end up talking to the person in the seat next to me for the last hour. He was visiting his girlfriend in Tokyo during his paid Christmas vacation from the VA in Washington DC. We landed and made our way through immigration.