# Get to Tokyo Center
## Arrival Chores
Once we were through customs we headed to the currency exchange to convert cash to yen. Allegedly the airport exchange rate is pretty legit in Japan so my dad used it. After that we had some possessions of my dad's friend who lives in Japan to mail to him. We stoped by the in airport shipping company branch and sent it off to him without a problem.

## Familiar Modes of Transit
We then went downstairs to the train platform and got on a train to central Tokyo, just like in Europe the train network integrates perfectly with the airport system. The ride took a little while, arround 45 minutes, but it gave me the opportunity to to see the city for the first time.

Throughought the trip me and my dad discussed the architecture and sheer scale of the city. One thing you notice here is how mixed use it is. Everything feasible is developed on, there's a bunch of high density housing without much parking in the denser cities like Tokyo, and without minimum setbacks there are a bunch of tall buildings on comically small lots. It just works, everything is a few minutes walk or, for specialty needs, a short train ride for a few bucks.

## Get Settled In
We arrived at the station near our hotel and walked a few minutes to our hotel through Ueno. The dense neighborhood was striking as my first experience in Japan, there was something arround every corner. We arrived at our hotel, APA. It is a chain of hotels targeted primarily at traveling business men in Japan. Our room was small, smaller than my room at home. What really impressed me was the bathroom. It, and most other hotel bathrooms in Japan, had a shared faucet for the tub and sink which swivels between the two, saving space and leaving only one faucet for the bathroom. I would come to find that this sort of thoughtful design is a staple of Japan.

## Dinner 🍜
We decided to go for ramen for dinner before bed. We found a local shop on Google Maps called Ramen Tenno. It was excellent, quite flavorful and a great deal! After dinner we went back to the hotel for bed.