# We go our separate ways
## The Scam
We arrived at the hostel at arround 1am. Having made the reservation before midnight on the hostel world I was expecting them to be able to find my reservation. Well apparently somewhere between canceling the reservation for the 5th-6th, and booking the new one literary last minute their computer was unable to find my reservation. I was expecting them at this point to offer to sell me the bed I was planing to take without the credit of $3 from hostel world. What happened instead is they offered me a room which cost 4 times as much as the bed and refused to let me purchase the bed from my reservation. The receptionist was a total npc. So we were basically stuck between freezing to death and emptying my bank account, I was basically being shaken down for money at this point. I briefly contemplated going to the police station and explaining my situation, until I remembered, I have a credit card with consumer protections, which would never stand for me being extorted out of my money. So gave them my card and left it in their hands if they wanted to be honest and honor my reservation or try to scam me and face my credit card company in a few days.

## The room
The room was fine, a little cold, but nothing to complain about. I slept like shit though, and I didn't even have that long to sleep.

## The AVICII Experience
I went to the AVICII experience which my mom recommended. It was pretty fun, and got really emotional at the end when they talk about how his life ended. I would say it is probably worth the $20 student admission. They had reconstructions of his old workspaces including his room, a weird vr karaoke thing, and some cool interactive screens where you could make "your own mix" of the song *Levels* by changing reverb and effects and stuff.

## The *Space*
I didn't check out the LAN center area because I was exhausted from not sleeping well. It looked cool from what I saw, and the price wasn't too bad $10 for an hour or $26 for the day.
