# The Flight

## Step 0: Get the plane ticket
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I did this part long before the actual trip, but I rebooked around thanksgiving for a cheaper flight that was around $550. All around a great deal on plane tickets. My friend Ram got his tickets from his mom and he was landing 3 or 4 hours after I was, with his layover in London (only a bit jealous of that).

## Step 1: Get to the airport
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I woke up at a dismally early 7am for my flight which wasn't scheduled until 12pm, but it was necessary as my ride, my father, only had the morning to take me to the airport, and I had a video meeting at 9:40am I wanted to attend for my job. As we hurtled down the freeway to the airport I had some time to talk with my father about the things that had been on my mind. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I discovered that, while I have been feeling overwhelmed with the closeness of my friends it is not a great idea to have them move out of my room, because I am lucky simply to have friends I can see every day. Although I may need to find some good places out of the house to study when I need some space.
## Step 2: Get to Paris?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I arrived at the airport without much issue, although I was a few minutes late to my meeting after going through TSA. I got a breakfast sandwich while I waited for my flight to be ready, and then We were off to Philadelphia for the first leg on the way to Paris.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The flight to Philadelphia had it's landing redone delaying us long enough to make it so I had to run to catch my flight to Paris. Funnily enough they only checked my passport while I was boarding, they never scanned the ticket. While I was boarding a girl from California complimented my eyes, and we were about to strike up conversation, but it was time to find our seats and we were not assigned seats next to each other, so I did not see her or her friend until after the flight.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The plane was quite under booked, with one woman in economy near me having 3 seats all to herself, with which she fully lied down and promptly fell asleep. Still, I had no luck trying to sleep on the flight as I only had a single spare seat between me and the young woman next to me. So I decided to befriend her after she woke up too. She told me she was a student in the US and was going home to Paris to see family. Overall the flight was quite nice and they served us two meals which was a godsend because I ran out of time while packing and had no snacks to eat on the flight.