# Roissy-en-France

## Mission: Escape the CDG Airport, and Get To My Hostel
I landed with no clue on how I would be gettng to my hostel room in the small town next to the airport called Roissey-en-France. But that was the fun. Not much else to do while I waited for my friend to land 4 hours after me other than chart out a course to the hostel.

## Step 1: Get to the passport checkpoint
While I waited in line to go through customs the girl and her friend who had complimented me when boarding told me that they were actually here for her friends' birthday, after which they promptly tried to rally the other tired travelers to sing happy birthday for her. It was quite awkward to be honest, but it brought some levity to the dreary atmosphere while we waited for the bus, and made me smile just a little. After a while the bus arrived to take us to the passport checkpoint.
## Step 2: Get past the passport checkpoint
In the line for the passport checkpoint, I struck up conversation with a young man. We started with the usual, what are you going to see, where are you from, etc... and that was when I learned he was also from Colorado! Such a small world. He was even on the same flight out of Colorado as I was, but I hadn't seen him up until that point, which was quite funny.
## Step 3: ???
After the passport checkpoint, I had no clue how the fuck I was going to get to my hostel. I had done a grand total of 50 minutes of research up to this point, so I had no idea what to do. I sat around for around 2 hours google searching how to get out of the airport and to my hotel, Google Maps was no help, it kept telling me to walk to a bus station that I couldn't get to on foot for the life of me. So I bought a sandwich and found an ATM to withdrawal 40 euros cash, because my mom said lots of eruope dosent take card, which is true outside the big cities, and you need a euro coin or two to access most public restrooms, also if you want to ride the bus without a ticket you need to hand over 2.50 euro cash, in France at least.
## Step 4: Now it makes sense
Eventually I learned that I needed to be at terminal 3 to access the main bus station. To get there I needed to follow signs for CDGVAL and get on the inter terminal CDGVAL route (for free) to reach the transit terminal with trains and the bus station outside. But I didn't know how to pay for the bus, yes I know, I'm a stupid American, but I had no clue how to pay for the bus, so I went to the bus information desk and asked the lady how to pay for the bus. This was my chance to test the days worth of Duolinguo I had been doing for french. So I asked her if she spoke english because I didn't know the french word for bus or ticket. She told me in as few english words as she could that I would need 2.50 cash, no change, or I could go back into the terminal to search for an automated ticket machine. So I went inside and bought a lemon soda to get some change. It was like I was collecting the items for a quest in a video game. Well it turns out they will give you change after all, which is a little scary when they are rifling around with the change while pulling out of the station. But I got my receipt and I was on my way. One small problem though, I didn't know you needed to signal for a stop on this bus since it had been stopping at all the other stops, so I missed my stop. This meant I had to figure out when the next bus going the other way was coming or take a 40 minute hike back to my stop. So I thought I figured it out, I had the directions pulled up on google maps, but I didn't check the bus name, just the route number, so I ended up headed in the wrong direction again. So I gave up and the bus took me all the way to the end of the line, then wait for the same bus to leave heading the other direction. But while I was standing at the bus station I did catch my first glimpse of the high speed rail as they zoomed past on either side of the bus terminal. After another 15 minuites we were ready to head back in my direction, so I paid the 2.50 euro for the third time, and we were on our way. This time I made sure to signal for my stop, and I got off. From there my hostel the elko was just around the corner. I walked over, paid my room fee, packed my stuff into the locker, and promptly fell straight asleep and didn't wake up again until my friend arrived in the room and woke me up by seaming the door.